Welcome to ChemFinder!

This is a project designed for two purposes:

First and foremost this is meant to serve as a learning platform as I write my first original, functional, and hopefully useful Rails app.

Second, this should serve to expedite the chemical tracking, finding, and requesting for the Lipperd Lab at MIT.

The intent of the finished app is to allow a user to log-on, search for a chemical by name, CAS number, or functional group, and find what is currently available and see the size and quantities as well as the exact location.

Being that this is the first app I'm attempting to create, it will be woefully inadequate for legitimate usage by anyone outside the tightly-knit community of people which I tell about it... or random people who find it online for whatever reason.

Probably so that this can come back and haunt me some day.

I used scaffolds to set up the preliminary models: chemicals and functional groups.  I'm not really sure I need to use an ActiveRecord model to track the functional group, but it seemed like if I ever wanted to add more information it would be best to implement them as a model, not just an attribute of the chemicals themselves.  Also, the relationship seemed ripe for practicing use of the has_and_belongs_to_many association, which serves purpose number one of the app.

Finally none of this is meant to be overly helpful or useful to anyone but me- this is a learning process, after all.

Test number one: uploading this to the git repository correctly as the second incarnation... the instructions to load the original copy were straightforward, but adding a second version properly will be an exercise in... actually it'll probably be quicker to figure out than typing this paragraph was.


Okay so the current version... which theoretically I can switch between using git and some such is configured to use PostgreSQL, which I had to install (that was a was coup!), and now I've pushed it to Heroku, but initially I got the standard Rails start page.  Better than nothing, because at least I have a functioning rails app on my heroku page.... but still not the ideal landing of getting the ChemFinder basic page up.  But hopefully this version has the appropriate docs, and I just need to arrange them.  I'll be making changes until I figure this out actually.  And then probably deleting this section.

